Introduce helper functions for small and medium ecommerce plans detection (#1128)
Automattic/wc-calypso-bridge: README.md

Plan-specific tweaks can be managed using the following global functions:
| Helper function |  Return value  |
|---|---|

> | `wc_calypso_bridge_has_ecommerce_features()`   | This will return `true` for all ecommerce-related plans *(including all dotCom, Woo Express plans, and the Ecommerce Free Trial)* |
> | `wc_calypso_bridge_is_ecommerce_plan()`   | Returns `true` if the site has a paid Ecommerce plan (including all dotCom and Woo Express plans) |

Reviewer: It would be better if we use WordPress.com instead of `dotCom`.
```suggestion
| `wc_calypso_bridge_has_ecommerce_features()`   | This will return `true` for all ecommerce-related plans *(including all WordPress.com, Woo Express plans, and the Ecommerce Free Trial)* |
| `wc_calypso_bridge_is_ecommerce_plan()`   | Returns `true` if the site has a paid Ecommerce plan (including all WordPress.com and Woo Express plans) |
```

> | `wc_calypso_bridge_has_ecommerce_features()`   | This will return `true` for all ecommerce-related plans *(including all dotCom, Woo Express plans, and the Ecommerce Free Trial)* |
> | `wc_calypso_bridge_is_ecommerce_plan()`   | Returns `true` if the site has a paid Ecommerce plan (including all dotCom and Woo Express plans) |

Reviewer: It would be better if we use WordPress.com instead of `dotCom`.
```suggestion
| `wc_calypso_bridge_has_ecommerce_features()`   | This will return `true` for all ecommerce-related plans *(including all WordPress.com, Woo Express plans, and the Ecommerce Free Trial)* |
| `wc_calypso_bridge_is_ecommerce_plan()`   | Returns `true` if the site has a paid Ecommerce plan (including all WordPress.com and Woo Express plans) |
```

| `wc_calypso_bridge_is_ecommerce_trial_plan()`  |  Returns `true` if the site has an Ecommerce Trial plan. |
| `wc_calypso_bridge_is_woo_express_performance_plan()`  |  Returns `true` if the site has a Woo Express Performance plan. |
| `wc_calypso_bridge_is_woo_express_essential_plan()`  |  Returns `true` if the site has a Woo Express Essential plan. |

> | `wc_calypso_bridge_is_wpcom_ecommerce_plan()`  |  Returns `true` if the site has an Ecommerce plan from dotCom. |

Reviewer: As above RE `dotCom` => `WordPress.com`.
```suggestion
| `wc_calypso_bridge_is_wpcom_ecommerce_plan()`  |  Returns `true` if the site has an Ecommerce plan from WordPress.com. |
```

> | `wc_calypso_bridge_is_wpcom_ecommerce_plan()`  |  Returns `true` if the site has an Ecommerce plan from dotCom. |

Reviewer: As above RE `dotCom` => `WordPress.com`.
```suggestion
| `wc_calypso_bridge_is_wpcom_ecommerce_plan()`  |  Returns `true` if the site has an Ecommerce plan from WordPress.com. |
```
